Great video!
Really helpful, thanks.
I learned so much from this.
Can you make a part 2?
This is exactly what I was looking for.
I have a question about the toy you used in the video.
Can you explain how it works?
I tried to replicate the experiment but it didn't work. Any tips?
I love the way you explained the concept, it was very clear.
Can you recommend any resources for further reading on this topic?
This video has inspired me to start my own project. Thank you!
That was a great demonstration. I appreciate the effort you put into making it.
I have a suggestion for a future video topic. Would you be interested in covering it?
I have a question about the materials you used. Can you provide more details?
This video was very informative. I learned a lot about the subject.
Can you explain the science behind the experiment in more detail?
I have a similar experiment that I would like to share. Can I send you the details?
This video has sparked my curiosity. I want to learn more about this topic.
Thank you for sharing your knowledge with us. I really appreciate it!       
This video was very well made. The visuals were great and the explanations were easy to understand.
I have a question about the safety precautions you took during the experiment. Can you elaborate on that
I didn't understand the part where you explained the results. Can you clarify it for me?
This video has motivated me to pursue a career in science. Thank you for being an inspiration!
I have a question about the equipment you used. Can you provide more information on that?
This video was very engaging. I enjoyed watching it and learning from it.
Can you explain the real-world applications of this experiment?
This sound of the waterfalling was so relaxing. It made the video even better!
I have a question about the data you collected during the experiment. Can you share it with us
This video has given me a new perspective on the topic. Thank you for that!
I have a suggestion for a future video series. Would you be interested in creating it?